Adding more clarity of used configuration (#23)
yiisoft/csrf: README.md

## CSRF Tokens

> Package is [configured](./config/web.php) by default with synchronizer token and masked decorator. You can change that easily, depending on your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case Yii framework is used along with config plugin, the package is [configured](./config/web.php) automatically to use synchronizer token and masked decorator. You can change that depending on your needs.
```

> Package is [configured](https://github.com/yiisoft/csrf/blob/master/config/web.php) by default with Synchronizer token and Masked decorator. You can change that easily, depending on your needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Package is [configured](./config/web.php) by default with synchronizer token and masked decorator. You can change that easily, depending on your needs.
```
